Wallapop Frontend Test
What is this about
The purpose of this test is to know your ability to create a modern and functional
single page application.
Below you’ll find the features, the requirements and the key points you should use
while developing.

What we’ll evaluate
● You are free to use any JavaScript libraries and/or frameworks you want.
However, an MVC/MVVM style framework is encouraged.
● IE8support is NOT needed. You can develop the application only taking into consideration IE9+ browsers (with ES5 support).
● The use of ES6 features is allowed and encouraged (but you should use a
transpiler to produce ES5 valid JavaScript).
● The use of CSS processors (Sass, LESS...) is allowed and encouraged.
● The following are a bonus points for the candidate:
○ Code quality
○ Mobile support
○ Application structure
○ Unit testing
○ User Interface
○ Optimization (load times and rendering performance)

What we want you to do

As a user I want to have access to an
 ● Item Manager where I can search items given the following criteria:
   ● Title
   ● Description
   ● Price
   ● Email


Each item will have these fields and a picture. When I
 ● perform a search that has results ● , I’d like to be able to
 ● view a list ●  of the items
 ● listing all that information ● . Also I want to have the ability to
 ● order the listed items by title, description, price or email ● .

Also, I want to be able to
 ● have a favourite items list ● , so I want to be able to
 ● select the items from the list and save them on my favourite list ● , which should be able to be
 ● displayed on a modal containing all those items ●
 ● showing only the picture and the title ● . I would like to be able to
 ● open this modal by clicking on a button ●  that should be displayed in some place on the page where it’s easily accessible.

In the favourite modal, I want to be able to
 ● search by title ●  and the possibility to
 ● remove the items from the favourite list without having to close the modal ● .

The JSON with the items information contains 30 items.
 ● The 30 items should NOT be displayed all at once ● . I’d like to
 ● receive 5 items each time ●  (with
 ● an initial load of 5 when the page is loaded ● ), so some pagination method should be implemented to view the remaining items
(clicking a button, with endless scroll... it’s up to you).

Delivery requirements
You can use any strategy you want to save the items as favourites.
 ● This list doesn’t need to be persisted when you reload the page ● . // Use localStrorage for this.

You’ll be able to find all the information of the items on the attached zip. It contains a
JSON file with the items information (title, description, price, email, image) and the
images.

You must send your solution with all the files needed via a repository such as Github or Bitbucket.
